this segment brought you by NAB helping
Australian business see more not less my
name is Astrid Vasily i'm indonesian
bond proud australian and i'm the
co-founder of GP constructions wa juvie
constructions is residential and
commercial building company in western
australia for the last 18 years we've
built more than 200 houses at the start
I know nothing about the building
industry I went to a building course
because to live in the building industry
you have to be a registered builder it
sounds hard it is hard it's four years
full times my English is not perfect and
there is a lot of assignment sometime I
said I can't finish this it's hard work
but I'm so proud that I'm a woman from
different background that can work in
the construction industry I'm the 12th
female registered builders in 10,000
male-dominated oriented in Australia now
I want to share with others I'm so
blessed that I can become a mentor for
the Australian business woman who would
like to engage with Indonesia dream big
and you just do it they just have to try
to do it and have passion I'm so proud
that Juve constructions is still strong
without having a lot of partners around
us with the help of the bank of course
my personal banker with nav is Tina sis
love lacey has helped us in a very
difficult time that time when we want to
start our own GV constructions w/e i
have to sell my property as well in
indonesia so we put everything in
bang they are helping us they guide us
for what we can do I'm so very happy I'm
so very fortunate that nap can help us
to grow our business it's good every
time we walk through the road and we see
the house is dead with build and we take
ownership and proud that we built and
the clients happy without National Bank
maybe we are not as we are now for more
information visit Ned com do they use /
more for business